are in the middle of a fast or doing the
fasting mimicking diet I would like to
precise something very important for
me Thomas C Professor Thomas C helped me
a lot he explained me a lot of thing and
he helped me to save my life and what I
try to do today it's not
to to say I'm a better biologist than
Tom CED I have no no knowledge at all
but I think if my concer come back what
I have to do to save my life if the
concer find a way to eat my ketones what
I have to do it's only this it's only
this and I need to be prepared
a guy was diagnosed with Advanced
prostate cancer High hypertension high
blood pressure and type 2 diabetes the
oncologist told me it's too late we have
nothing to do for you you already dead I
find the solution autoag and who spoke
about autoag of course Nobel Prize in
2016 Thomas C and he did water only
fasting metabolic therapy prostate
cancer went into total remission type 2
diabetes went away hypertension high
blood pressure everything went away so
this is what I'm saying uh metabolic
therapy uh uh will get rid of a lot of
[Music]
things EX exactly and on that note um
we're going to put a link down below of
where you can get um the summary of what
we talked about uh so if you want to
just study the information and share it
but I least want to put this on your
radar
that I don't know if I had cancer I
would want to know this data there's a
lot of very interesting things that
we're in the middle of right now with
doing more research and but we're not
going to get into them quite yet we're
going to wait till we get that done but
anyway I want to thank you for being on
guy
and thank you for watching this long
we'll put the link down below and stay
tuned for more information on on this
topic thank you Dr B I'm sure we will
continue to fight to find the best
solution against cancer
great